Switch to cobra CLI (#152)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-synthesis: README.md

Multi-vpc input is supported. Required connections cannot cross vpc boundaries.

## Usage
Use the `vpcgen` CLI tool with one of the following commands to specify the type of network resources to generate.
* `vpcgen sg` - generate Security Groups.
* `vpcgen acl` - generate an nACL for each subnet separately.
* `vpcgen acl --single` - generate a single nACL for all subnets in the same VPC.

### nACLs Generation

> There is an option to generate an nACL for each subnet separately, or to generate a single nACL for all subnets in the same VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying the `--single` flag results in generating a single nACL for all subnets in the same VPC. Otherwise, an nACL is generated for each subnet separately,
```

2. If the `output-file` flag is used, all generated resources will be written to the specified file.
3. if both `output-file` and `output-dir` flags are not used, the collection will be written to stdout.

### Global options
```commandline
Tool for automatic synthesis of VPC network configurations, namely Network ACLs and Security Groups.

Usage:
  vpc-synthesis [command]

Available Commands:
  acl         nACL generation for subnets
  sg          SG generation for nifs and vpes

> Flags:

Reviewer: Remove. Only leave the flags themselves

  -c, --config string        JSON file containing config spec
  -f, --format string        Output format; must be one of [tf, csv, md, json]
  -h, --help                 help for vpc-synthesis
  -d, --output-dir string    Write generated resources to files in the specified directory, one file per VPC.
  -o, --output-file string   Write all generated resources to the specified file.
      --prefix string        The prefix of the files that will be created.
  -s, --spec string          JSON file containing spec file

```

> 

Reviewer: Add:
```md
The infrastructure configuration must always be provided using the `--config` flag.
```
